All right.
I believe I am streaming.
Are we going?
I'm going to eat my cereal.
I'm going to eat my cereal while people
join the live stream.
And today
I'm going to be playing some more
Minecraft hardcore.
There are two things that I want to do
today.
Oh, it's my bird.
My red bird.
But for now, I'm going to wait in my
house for people to join.
A good munch crunch.
Look good?
You like my hair? Thank you.
I just got out of the shower.
Do you like the sounds of me eating?
I'm doing good. How are you?
Nicholas.
How are you, Nicholas Melo?
Hello. Hello.
Thanks for joining, everyone.
Thanks for joining the stream.
What are you eating?
Oh, hello. Hello, Diana.
I'm eating cereal.
I'm eating cereal this morning.
Oh, and Christina, you got your number
one
You got your your crown back. Number one
and number two. This is incredible.
I'm fine, man. Hugs from Brazil. Hugs
from the US.
Thanks for joining the stream, Nicholas.
All right.
I have to finish my cereal so it doesn't
get too soggy.
It's good seeing you, too.
It always makes me happy to see your
comments.
I'm going to keep reading your
y'all's messages.
While I eat my cereal.
Thanks for joining the stream, everyone.
All right.
I'm ready.
Yes, happy Easter to you as well.
Easter is tomorrow, right?
I'm sorry, everyone. I'm sick today, so
I'm going to be coughing.
I'm going to be coughing a lot during
this stream.
All right.
Happy Easter.
So today, I have two tasks.
Two things that I want to do.
The first thing that I want to do is
build an anvil.
I want to build an anvil.
And the second thing that I want to do
is enchant
some some of my tools at the enchanting
table.
But we're going to start with the anvil.
So
the first thing I'm going to do is go
underground and search for more iron.
I'm going to need to find a lot of iron
because I'm pretty much out of iron. I
have three ingots here.
I have some nuggets. I can probably turn
these nuggets into ingots.
Let's do that.
I can make three more ingots.
Okay.
I have six ingots now.
And I'm also
my my armor is breaking. Look, my boots
are almost broken. I don't even have
enough arm iron
to replace
my iron armor.
So I'm going to need to find a lot more
iron.
Um
Let's build a new diamond pickaxe.
Yeah, I've been sick for a little bit
and Christina has been sick as well.
We've both been sick.
So lots of coughing.
Hi Kenzo, I watch your videos. I'm from
Brazil. Oh, thank you. Thanks for
joining.
And thanks for watching my videos.
Okay.
Let's build our diamond pickaxe.
Need some sticks.
Okay.
Our new diamond pickaxe cuz this one's
almost broken.
Let's see.
Oh.
I wanted to make I wanted to get a level
30 enchantment on this pickaxe, but I
can't. I don't have enough
bookshelves.
Can I make more bookshelves?
I have two more leather. I can't.
Okay, I'm going to I'm going to wait to
enchant this pickaxe.
I'll put this pickaxe up here for now.
I'll take this golden pickaxe.
Um
I'll make another iron pickaxe as well.
Cuz I'm going to be doing a lot of
mining in this stream.
You got two more subscribers, Peter and
a friend of mine from Romania. Oh, good.
Amazing news.
All right. And I should also
I should also get more food.
I have 45 carrots, but I should get some
meat.
Um
I don't have much meat.
Okay, I'm going to go kill some animals.
I have bred a lot of of animals here in
the barn.
Especially the sheep.
Do I have wheat? I do.
Let's breed more sheep. More yellow
sheep.
More baby yellow sheep. Look at all the
baby sheep. 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8.
I think there are eight baby sheep here.
Hello, Flon.
Welcome to the stream.
Let's open the gate and close it so they
can't escape.
Um we should breed some more cows.
Sorry for my coughing.
All right. Let's breed more cows.
And let's get the XP. Level 31.
All right.
And let's leave the barn.
Uh but first, let's breed some more
pigs.
More pigs.
We fed them some carrots.
Some carrots.
And now we have more baby pigs.
Okay.
And there's our happy ghast, Dementor.
We still need to name that ghast.
Looks like the sun's going down.
Do we have any more food? I just want to
get a little bit more food before I go
underground.
I guess I'll take these carrots.
Anything else?
Here's some beef. I'll cook this beef
in the furnace.
Oh, here I have two more iron ingots.
Okay.
I'm going to put on this golden armor
that I found.
I'll put on the golden boots
and the golden leggings.
There we go.
I'll put this iron armor back in the
chest.
Is Christina cooking lamb for Easter
celebration tomorrow? Uh are you,
Christina?
Are you cooking lamb?
I'm not sure that's too much effort.
Yeah, she's still sick as well.
So that might be tough.
I'm going to eat a little bit more
cereal.
Okay.
Thanks for joining.
I wanted to watch, but I have to go.
Remember me when you become famous.
I will. I will, Nicholas.
Thanks for joining.
Thanks for joining the stream.
Hello, Brunone.
Thanks for joining the stream, Brunone.
We should play more Minecraft on the
server.
Is she a ghost?
Hello, Rodrigo.
Thanks for joining the stream.
All right.
One drink of lemonade.
I think we're ready. I think we're ready
to go underground.
Anything else I should bring?
I guess I'll put my stuff away.
I'll put this away in the chest.
Put some stuff in here. Actually, I
should bring my wood.
Um
I do need more torches.
I should get some sticks.
30 sticks.
And my steak.
Okay.
I think I'm ready.
Um I'll just build some torches real
quick.
35 torches.
All right. Time to go underground.
Nighttime. So, first we'll go to sleep.
I'm sleeping.
Hello, chat.
So,
in this video, Rodrigo,
I'm going to build an anvil. So, I need
to find a bunch of iron.
A bunch of iron.
So, I'm going to go underground.
Oh, whoa.
Hey.
Baby zombie attacked me.
That baby zombie was waiting at my door.
Geez.
A few more bites of cereal. Okay.
Let's go underground.
You're so stylish, man. Very cool. Oh,
thank you.
Thank you for your educational videos.
Thank you for watching.
I'm glad you're enjoying these videos.
All right.
Let's go down the staircase. The long
staircase.
I have three pickaxes, one diamond, one
enchanted golden pickaxe, and one iron
pickaxe.
How are you still eating that cereal?
I pretty much just have the milk at the
bottom.
Whoa.
I can't go down my staircase because
these amethysts are blocking me.
Oh, look.
My parrot came with me.
Okay. I'll break these amethysts.
Whoa, the amethysts are growing.
More amethyst shards.
I have eight.
More shards.
I think these two are ready. One Oh, no.
I killed my parrot.
This is a sad day.
It was an accident.
I'm so sad.
What are parrots in Minecraft for?
I don't know.
I don't think they do anything.
They're just pets.
You monster.
I didn't mean to.
Look, there are his feathers.
I'm going to pick up its feathers.
I never even got to name that parrot.
I'm going to place these feathers in an
item frame to remember
my parrot.
I'll pick up the shards. I have 16
shards.
Aw.
Rest in peace, my parrot.
I killed it with my diamond pickaxe.
Okay. I'm not bringing any more pets
underground with me.
That's it.
I'll get some more amethyst shards.
That's not a good start to this stream.
All right.
I don't know what you can build with
amethyst shards. I'll check when I get
back up to the surface.
Let's see.
You should build him a memorial. Yeah,
I'll build I'll build him a tombstone
when I get back up.
What are your favorite games? Ooh.
I have too many favorite games.
Sorry for your loss. Thank you.
Okay. I need to drink the milk from my
cereal.
Aw.
I'm so sad about my parrot.
Rest in peace, parrot.
Okay. I finished my cereal.
Let's go deeper.
Deeper underground.
I did a little bit of mining here. I
think I was looking for iron this way.
Where is the best level for finding
iron?
Cuz I don't think you want to go to the
very bottom to find iron.
I think this might be too deep.
But, I'm going to start mining.
Maybe I'll find some iron or some
diamonds.
Let's see what we can find.
I'll place a torch.
16.
Level 16
for iron?
I'll try it. I'll try going up to level
16.
Do you like the Atarashii Gakko band?
I haven't I haven't listened to them.
Okay.
16. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16.
Ooh, this is close to where I was
digging.
I'll dig this way. So, this should be
level 16.
Let's see if I can find some iron.
What can we find? Ooh, I think I heard a
skeleton.
I'll place a torch.
Let's continue mining.
Be very careful your pickaxe doesn't
break. Yeah, my pickaxe is almost
broken.
It's going to break soon.
Oh, plus 16.
I see.
Um I need to turn on coordinates. Hold
on. 1 second. Let's go to my settings.
Can I turn on coordinates?
Show coordinates.
There we go.
16.
So, I'll go up.
Ooh, I have to go up pretty far.
Nice to meet you all again. Thanks for
joining. Thanks for joining the stream.
Or negative 59.
Okay.
Almost there. 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16. Right here?
So, I should mine here for iron?
We'll try it.
Let's see if we can find some iron.
Yes? Okay.
I need a torch, some dirt.
Oh, I didn't bring a shovel. Oh, no.
No shovel.
16 is very good for iron. Okay.
Appreciate you for still doing the live
video even if you are sick. Hope you get
well quickly. Oh, thank you.
I would never miss a live stream.
Rain or shine.
16 is good for iron.
Even if I'm coughing a lot,
we still have to live stream.
Iron. Where's the iron?
Oh.
Another amethyst. Another amethyst area.
Let's get some more amethyst shards.
When I get back up to the surface, let's
see what you can build
with these amethyst shards. I know you
can make a spyglass with the shards,
but I think there is more you can build.
Yeah, two very close together.
Okay.
All right, let's keep mining. Let's
continue searching for iron.
Hello, Sernot. Welcome.
Thanks for joining the stream.
Can we find some iron?
Ooh.
I like a lot of different kinds of
music. I like
Right now, I'm listening to a lot of
shoegaze music.
Have you heard of shoegaze?
I also like hip hop music
and
some jazz.
My record in Minecraft Bedrock Hardcore
is 70 days. And you have 72 days. Haha.
I'm still alive. We're still alive in
this world.
Some iron. All right, we've already
found some iron.
So, maybe level 16 is good.
I think you were telling the truth,
Brunone.
Let's get some iron.
Yeah, some iron.
All right, eight pieces of iron.
Good.
We need to find more.
Your English is easy to understand. I'm
Japanese, but I'll do my best to study
by watching your Minecraft videos.
I'm glad. I'm glad you have an easier
time understanding me.
Good, good.
You're doing a great job. Keep on
watching and listening,
and you'll continue improving your
English.
We have two Japanese people here.
All right.
Let's mine this gravel.
Oh, we found something.
Grass?
Why is there grass down here?
I see some lava.
Whoa.
This looks like a big cave.
My pickaxe is almost broken.
Hold on. Hold on. I'm going back in my
tunnel. I'm going to take a drink of
lemonade.
And two Romanians.
That's true.
That's moss, not grass. Oh.
We found some moss. A lush cave?
So, this is moss. It's not grass.
Whoa.
Creeper.
There were two creepers there.
Oh, one heart, one heart.
Oh, that was almost the end of my
series.
Oh.
I'm just going to wait and breathe.
I did almost die. That was really close.
Whoa.
Do you like Marilyn Manson? My favorite
album is Antichrist Superstar.
Um again, I haven't listened to a lot of
Marilyn Manson.
I'll have to listen to Antichrist
Superstar, though.
Geez, I'm going to eat some steak.
Hey, Minecraft tip. Mine for gold and
use it to craft golden carrots. It's
better. Oh.
I usually leave the gold,
but
I should start picking it up and making
golden carrots.
That's a good tip.
Ooh, I'm going to wait for my health to
heal all the way.
I want my health to be full before I go
in this cave.
Oh, there were two creepers there.
I am from the United States. What about
you? Where you from?
Where is everybody from in the chat?
Tell me where you're from in the chat.
All right.
I've healed.
Let's go up this way.
There's some iron.
Skeleton.
I'm so scared now about monsters.
That was another creeper, wasn't it?
I was exploded by another creeper.
Okay, I'll place some torches. I'm going
to eat some steak.
Oh, I hear a spider.
Where is it?
There are some zombies.
We'll kill these zombies.
And we'll kill this second zombie. Die.
Die.
Okay.
I'm going to keep on placing torches.
I'll place a torch up here.
I don't want any monsters to spawn.
There's some more coal.
More coal.
Spain, Thailand, Brazil. Okay. Two
people from Brazil.
More zombies. This one's holding a
sword. Uh-oh.
I'll block with my shield.
Let's kill these zombies.
Die.
Okay, we killed the zombies.
I'll place some more torches.
Look at that.
It's a lush cave.
Wow, look at all this XP.
Let's pick up all the XP.
More XP.
Okay, more XP. Where is my tunnel?
Here it is.
Okay.
Iron behind you, behind.
Yeah, okay. I'll go mine the iron now.
I just wanted to read your comments
first.
Let's get this iron.
And this iron.
Okay, I think there's more.
More iron.
Okay.
Now we're up to 11 iron.
I really want to go down there.
Okay.
I have to be very careful.
I'll keep placing torches.
Can you find an axolotl
in these lush caves?
I like this bush.
I have my shears. Can I pick this up?
Yeah.
Oh, my inventory is full. I'll throw
some seeds.
I'll throw some rotten flesh.
I'll throw
some dirt.
Another bush.
Yes, you can. You can find axolotls down
here. Oh, cool.
I hope I find one.
Another creeper.
And more zombies.
Let's pick up this iron.
Okay, I'm going to kill this creeper.
Die, creeper.
Come here, zombie.
Come fight me. Oh, it fell down.
Okay.
Let's go down there to the lush cave.
Hello Alta at
Atos? Hello Atos. Thanks for joining.
Thanks for joining the stream.
I want this one, too.
I want to pick up all of these bushes so
I can plant them near my house.
Wow, this place is beautiful.
More iron.
Oh, and there goes my pickaxe.
You can bone meal them
to an azalea tree?
Woah, okay. I'll try that. I'll try that
when I get up to the surface.
Okay, I'll start using my golden
pickaxe.
More iron.
Wait.
Oh, I'm not getting the iron?
The golden pickaxe doesn't collect iron?
What?
Okay, yeah, the golden pickaxe doesn't
work for iron.
So, I will not use this golden pickaxe.
Gold can't break it. All right, that's
my bad.
I'll pick this up using my iron pickaxe.
My fault.
Some lava. Ooh, I see more iron.
Oh, a bat. That bat scared me.
I don't like going close to lava in
hardcore.
That scares me.
Hello Fluents.
Thanks for joining. Fluent Futures.
I'm good. How are you?
How are you today?
Let's get some more coal.
I'm going to get this coal because I'm
placing a lot of torches. I only have
five torches left.
I might need to build some more.
And I'm getting more XP.
More XP.
There we go.
Okay.
I want to pick up some of these.
Can I? Yeah.
What are these?
Big drip leaves.
Okay.
From Guatemala.
More drip leaves.
Woah.
Place another torch.
I want to build something cool using
these drip leaves.
I see more iron up there.
Some fish.
Why is there a fish down here?
Woah.
There are some leaves that are hanging
from the ceiling.
Okay.
I'm going to throw
You should make an iron bucket.
Oh, yeah, cuz you can collect an axolotl
in a bucket, huh?
I need a bucket. I'll throw some rotten
flesh.
And I want these.
Some glow berries.
Hello Ollie.
Welcome to the live stream.
Thanks for joining.
I'll place another torch.
Glow berries.
Lots of glow berries.
Okay, where's the iron?
There it is.
I'm going to mine this iron.
Three more pieces.
Um
Let's go up up up up.
Any more iron? There's one more.
Two.
Three.
Jump.
Okay.
I need to eat some more steak.
I suggest you get the gold. Oh, yep. I
should get the gold. Where is it?
There it is.
Yeah, let's pick up this gold. You're
right. So, I can make golden carrots.
Oh, and I need to throw something away.
Let's throw away this andesite.
All right. Place a torch.
Um
how much iron do I have?
I have 23 iron. 23.
I think I still need more though because
for an anvil, you need three blocks of
iron and each block of iron takes nine
iron ingots. So, I need a lot of iron.
18 19 20
21 22.
I think you need 22 iron to build an
anvil. I have 23 now.
So, I think I have enough for an anvil.
Oh, here's another iron.
24 iron.
So, I could go back up.
But I want to explore this lush cave a
little bit more.
I want to build a bucket.
Let's see.
I'm going to come back up here.
Back to my tunnel.
I want to build a bucket.
So, first I'll build a crafting table.
Crafting table.
And now I'll make a furnace.
And I'll place it.
Let's put some coal in the furnace and
let's smelt this iron.
I'm smelting my iron.
Oh, 31. You need 31 ingots for an anvil?
Thanks, Sir Not. Thank you.
All right.
I need three iron ingots for a bucket.
So, I need one more.
Hello the Alan Gaming Pro. Welcome to
the stream.
All right, let's make our bucket.
B U C K E T,
a bucket.
All right, let's go look for an axolotl.
Oh, I missed some iron here.
I missed this iron.
No axolotls yet. Nope.
Oh, and I'm also out of torches.
I need more torches.
Um
Oh, I need my coal. Hold on.
I need some coal from my furnace.
Let's get some coal. Now I can build
torches.
I built 40 torches.
40 torches.
Wow, lots of iron here.
Under the moss could be diamond? Really?
I'll go look.
Under here?
I should pick up some of this moss.
I'll throw this smooth basalt.
I like this moss.
Huh.
I'm not seeing any diamond.
But I do like this. I do like this moss.
Maybe I could build something using moss
in the future.
Place a torch.
Uh do you have an a channel where you do
it for fun and for and not for English?
I do. Yeah.
Um linked to my page, linked to my
YouTube channel is my personal channel.
And on that other channel, I post art
and music.
So, I have two channels.
Okay.
11 more iron already.
You can also bone meal a moss block, so
it can spread to other stone blocks? Oh,
okay.
Cool.
You know a lot about Minecraft, sir not.
Thank you for the help.
I appreciate the Minecraft tips.
Let's go down here.
I'm scared.
I'm scared of creepers.
More iron.
Okay.
More of these glow berries.
Oh.
This bat keeps scaring me.
Let's keep going down.
I can't really read your messages right
now because I'm really focused.
I'll read your messages in 1 minute.
Let's get these
blocks of iron, more iron ore.
Okay.
Ooh.
No axolotls?
A zombie.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
I need to fight.
Okay, we're alive.
Another zombie.
No, he hit me.
Lots of zombies.
This one's wearing a leather helmet.
And this one's wearing a chainmail
helmet.
Okay, I killed all the zombies.
More zombies.
So many zombies down here.
Okay.
I'm going back.
I'm getting out of here.
Let's go back.
Back up up up.
Too many monsters. I don't want to die.
Okay.
I think I'm safe here.
Um
many monsters. Yes, so many monsters.
I think if you right click a glow berry
without shears, it drops anyway? Oh,
okay.
Is this a new hardcore world? No, this
is the same hardcore world that I've
been playing on.
You need to make an announcement a day
the day before the stream specifying the
day and time. This will attract more
people. Yeah, I'll get better at this.
I'll improve these live streams as we go
on.
I'm still just getting started here live
streaming.
Back from house?
I think that you have
uh many iron. Yes, I found a lot of
iron.
I found
14 more iron, and I have a lot of iron
back in my furnace.
So,
let's go back to the furnace.
And let's build our anvil.
Where is my tunnel?
Up here?
Where is my tunnel? Oh, here it is.
This is where the creepers exploded.
Yes, and my inventory is full. My
inventory is full.
All right, here we have 21 iron, and
here we have 14.
So, I'm going to take this coal.
Um I'll throw the diorite.
And let's go back up to the surface.
I want to build an anvil.
All right,
up the long staircase.
You always have
You always had golden
armor and leggings?
Or did they break? No, I just put on
the these golden leggings and these
golden boots because my iron armor was
almost broken. So, I just put on the
golden armor.
You support PSG? Uh
kind of. I don't really watch a lot of
football, but I have friends that are
big PSG supporters. So, I'm kind of a
PSG supporter.
All right, let's sleep.
All right.
We're back home. Oh, no, the zombie is
breaking down my door. No.
We're at level 32 now.
I'll put in this coal,
and let's smelt this iron.
Okay.
While that's melting, let's make some
blocks of iron.
And I'm going to drink some lemonade.
Okay.
Right now, we can make two
blocks of iron.
We need a little more iron.
We need to wait a little bit longer.
Where should I put my anvil? Maybe I'll
place it right here.
I also need more books.
Let's go breed more cows.
Oh, a creeper in my barn.
No creeper.
Aw.
Oh, there's a wolf down here. Wait.
I have three bones.
Three bones.
Can I do it? Can I tame this wolf with
three bones?
One.
Two. Oh, it only took two bones.
I tamed the wolf.
Come here, wolf.
Please play Stardew Valley once upon a
time. I will. I will definitely play
Stardew Valley in the future.
I've heard really good good things about
Stardew Valley.
Come on, wolf.
Let's bring the dog inside.
My dog.
Sit.
Sit, dog. Sit.
This is my dog.
I'm going to change the color of its
collar.
Don't kill this one.
I won't. I would never kill this dog.
Lucky you, it cost me like 10 bones.
Usually it takes me many more bones than
just two.
Um is the iron done? It is.
One more block of iron.
Now
I think with three blocks of iron and 1
2 3 4 iron ingots,
we can build
an anvil.
I did it.
We crafted the anvil.
Kill it? No. I'm not going to kill my
dog.
No, I'm not going to take my dog down
into the cave.
You can plant your azalea tree from the
caves now. Okay, yeah. Let's do it. I'll
place my anvil.
Ooh. Tell me in the chat what I should
name
this dog.
I have some name tags. I can craft some
name tags using golden nuggets.
These are the feathers from my dead
parrot.
These feathers go up in the valuable
chest.
So I can remember my parrot.
Okay.
I'm going to take one of these
cornflowers.
And I'll turn this flower into some blue
dye.
And now I'll give the blue dye to the
dog to change the color of its collar.
Now
it's got a blue collar.
What should I What should I name this
dog? Tell me in the chat.
Eggbert again?
Dinnerbone? Ooh, I like Dinnerbone.
I need my glasses.
Need to put on my glasses
so I can see your comments.
XP dog?
Okay. Oh, Mr. Paws?
Sammy?
Dinnerbone? Let's do Dinnerbone. I like
Dinnerbone. That's cool.
Oh, I like Russell, too.
Ronald?
No, Dinnerbone makes him upside down?
What?
You need glasses? Yes.
My eyes are really bad. I need glasses.
Not Dinnerbone?
Tell me in the chat what I should name
this dog.
I'm going to make some more name tags.
Ooh.
I need some more sugarcane.
We're going to need lots of paper for
the bookshelves.
Teach English with Brawl Stars?
I like Dinnerbone.
I think I'm going to name it Dinnerbone.
Look at all this sugarcane.
I'm going to pick up lots of sugarcane.
Will live stream the channel? Yes. This
live will be like a video on my channel
when it's finished.
Not Dinnerbone, please. It's a prank.
What does naming the dog Dinnerbone do?
I kind of want to see.
I'm going to do it. I want to see what
it does.
Is it like Jeb?
If you name a sheep Jeb_,
it makes the sheep rainbow. Is it like
that?
Dinnerbone is a prank?
I'm not going to kill this dog.
I'm going to name it Dinnerbone.
I want to see.
Okay. I got a bunch of sugarcane. Let's
make some paper.
p a p e r
Um
I'll throw this cobblestone for now.
Make a bunch of paper.
And let's craft some name tags.
It turns it upside down. So it's going
to turn the dog upside down when I name
him Dinnerbone?
Okay, I'm going to try it. Let's try it.
I'm going to put the name tag in the
anvil.
And now
like this?
Should I do it?
All right, I'll do it.
I do feel happy. Do you feel happy?
I'm going to do it.
Let's name it Dinnerbone.
I want to see what this does.
I've never seen this before.
It turned my dog upside down.
So now
I have an upside down dog
named Dinnerbone. I like it.
Look at how it walks. Okay, stand up.
Come here, Dinnerbone.
Come on. Come on.
Come here.
What?
How does it swim?
This is so weird.
Oh, no. It looks like it's going to
drown
underwater.
It looks like its head is underwater.
The dog is upside down.
Yeah, it's still alive.
Come on, dog.
Dinnerbone, the upside down dog.
Hello, Wasandra.
Thanks for joining the live stream.
All right.
Well, come on, dog.
Sit.
Wasandra, I'm about to name the happy
ghast the mentor, which was the name
that you chose.
Let's do it. Let's put the name tag in
the anvil.
And let's name it
the mentor.
Is this from Lord of the Rings?
The Dementor?
I can't remember.
>> All right, let's sleep.
I'm sleeping in the bed.
Fluffy?
I can name the next dog Fluffy.
I want more dogs.
No, skeleton.
I'm going to eat some food first.
I need to put some things away.
So, if I plant this
and use bone meal on it, it will grow?
Oh, Dementors from Harry Potter. I see.
Two people from Uzbekistan?
On moss? Oh.
Okay.
So, I can't use bone meal on this.
Or if I use bone meal on this, will this
grow?
You can?
Oh, okay. I'm going to try it.
Whoa.
This tree has some flowers on it.
Oh, cool.
I like it.
I plant I put this dirt here
so that this grass
spreads
up here. But, it's taking a long time
for this grass to spread.
I want the roof
to be grass.
Do you like to play PvP on Minecraft? I
haven't played much PvP on Minecraft.
Yeah, my inventory is full.
I need to clear out
my inventory.
Um there's nothing in this chest,
really. I'll put everything in this
chest, and I'll organize it later on.
For now, I'm just going to clear out my
inventory.
Um I want to see what you can build with
amethyst shards. I always want my
loadstone compass. I always like my
spyglass.
Okay.
I need to build some bookshelves with
these.
All right.
Day 75. We've survived 75 days in this
world.
All right, come here, happy ghast.
Let's name it.
I named it Dementor.
Okay.
Dementor, the happy ghast.
You should eat. Oh, I should. I should
eat.
You're right.
Thanks for reminding me. I need some
steak.
Maybe I can eat some bread.
I think if you bone meal the grass block
near the dirt, it would turn the nearby
dirt to grass. Oh.
I'll try it.
Yep, there's a skeleton in the water
over there.
Your videos are great, but your videos
kill your but short videos kill your
stats
and make your long videos less likely to
be recommended.
I haven't heard of this.
I don't know if that's true.
All right, I'm going to try
using bone meal on this grass.
No, it just grew some grass on top of
the block.
That's okay. I'll wait.
I can wait for the grass to spread very
slowly.
There is a skeleton in the water there.
No, it's okay, Sernot. It's okay. I need
to drink some water.
Thank you so much. You helped me so much
to improve my English. Oh, no, thank you
for watching. I'm so happy that I can
help.
Thanks for watching my videos.
I'm going to kill this the skeleton in
the water. Let's kill it.
Die, skeleton.
Okay.
All right, I'm going to go breed some
more cows
because I need a lot of leather
for the books.
Open, close.
Move.
Okay.
Get it. Are you sick? Yes, I'm sick.
I'm sick, so I'm coughing
a lot.
I saw a post of your supporter world. Is
it on this of my supporter wall? Yes, it
is. I'll show you.
It's right over there. There is my
supporter wall.
All right, I'm feeding the cows.
I'm going to need a lot of cows here.
All right.
I want one sheep to come with me. No.
Just one.
Well, two sheep escaped.
Come on, sheep.
What kind of cereal? Fruity Pebbles.
Fruity Pebbles are my favorite cereal.
Tell me in the chat what your favorite
cereal is.
My favorite is Fruity Pebbles.
Come on.
Thank you, Sernot. I hope I get better,
too.
Do you have a portable set-top box? I
don't think so. I don't know what that
is.
Instead of fence gates, you can use
carpets
on top of fences, so you can jump onto
it, and other mobs won't.
Yeah, the problem the problem with the
carpets in my barn
is that if I put a carpet here, I can't
jump on top because the roof is too
close.
I hit my head
on the ceiling.
So, here I have to use the fence gates.
Thank you, Fluent Futures.
Okay, where
is my anvil? Here it is.
I'm going to put a name tag in here.
Watch this.
jeb_.
Watch Watch what happens when I give
this name tag to a sheep.
Come here, sheep.
Come here.
This sheep will live inside.
It doesn't fit.
I have to break the door?
What? Oh, okay.
And let's replace the door.
Oh.
Well, now I have two sheep in here.
Watch this.
Ha.
Now, this sheep
changes colors.
It's a rainbow sheep.
Now, I have a rainbow sheep
and an upside down dog
and a yellow sheep.
You could rename your sword, too. Ooh.
What should I name my sword?
Actually,
I want to rename my pickaxe when I
enchant it.
Okay, I have two leather and a bunch of
paper.
Let's build some books.
Okay, I need to kill some of those cows.
Let's go kill these cows.
Your favorite cereal is Grape-Nuts? I've
never heard of that cereal.
Do you like The Witcher game
uh or The Witcher series?
Um I haven't played much of the Witcher.
I've played a little bit of the Witcher
and I thought it was really cool, but I
haven't beat it.
Okay, more cows.
We need to breed some more cows and now
I'm going to kill some of these cows
because I need the leather.
Die cow.
Okay, I got some leather.
We'll kill this one. I'll kill one more.
Okay.
Um actually I'll kill one more cow.
Now
I can build two bookcases
or bookshelves.
Now I can build two bookshelves.
Why don't you play Minecraft on your
personal channel? I just haven't had
enough time. I haven't had enough time
to play games on my personal channel.
Hopefully in the future I will.
Sorry cows. I had to kill the cows for
the leather.
Every time I see this dog it surprises
me.
Okay.
Now
I can build two bookshelves. I just need
some wood.
Um
or some bamboo planks.
There we go.
Two bookshelves.
You can also
Terraria Oh, Terraria would be fun. I do
want to play Terraria on this channel in
the future.
If naming a pig muddy
changes its texture?
Should I try?
I'll try it.
Okay, I'm going to place two more.
18. I still can't reach level 30.
I have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9.
I have nine bookshelves around the
enchanting table right now.
What happened to your dog? My dog was
flipped upside down when I named it
Dinnerbone.
Name a pig muddy? I'm going to try
naming a pig muddy.
Let's see if it changes it.
m u d d y
It costs one experience level, but
that's okay.
Let's see if it does anything.
Open, close.
I think this pig will be muddy.
Nothing.
I don't think it changed at all.
So now this pig is just named muddy.
All right.
Are you going to build a bigger house?
Yes. Right now my house is very small,
but I want to expand this house in the
future.
Okay. Well, for now
I'll give my pickaxe a level 18
enchantment.
Let's put my diamond pickaxe in the
enchanting table.
Oh, I need three.
There we go. Now I have three lapis
lazuli.
Whoa.
I just realized you can double click
one two.
One two.
To quickly move things.
Wow.
All right.
I'll get this level 18 enchantment on my
diamond pickaxe.
Let's do it.
Unbreaking three. Okay.
I knew about the shift click
but I didn't know that you could double
click.
I didn't know that.
All right, we have a new diamond pickaxe
and we have an anvil.
So I have enchanted and I made my anvil
and I also have some new animals in
here.
Why didn't you craft a spear?
I haven't crafted a spear yet.
I have eight more diamonds.
I should try crafting a spear.
I've never really used the spear.
Let's try it.
In this stream we're trying new things.
How do you make a spear? s p e a r
So to build a spear you need two sticks
and one diamond.
Okay.
Let's see.
Yeah, Mysterio you can check the link on
my channel. There's a link to my
personal channel where I make art and
music.
Make a chest plate.
Will there be collabs with other
teachers? Maybe. Maybe in the future.
Will you still play Hytale? Should I?
Should I continue playing Hytale on my
channel? Tell me in the chat.
Tell me in the chat if I should continue
playing Hytale on my channel.
Sorry Christina.
It was an accident.
I started you watching my channel
because I was also watching
and when I found you I was finally able
to learn in a better way. Oh, I'm so
happy to hear that. I'm very happy to
hear that Alan Gaming Pro. I'm so glad
that my videos are helping.
I don't watch much of Hytale. I don't
know much about it. Yeah, that's okay.
I don't know if I'll continue playing
Hytale on my channel.
All right, let's go back to the game.
I crafted a diamond spear.
I think you might be the first guy who
I've seen who teaches English in a fun
way. Yeah, I always hope that my videos
are fun as well as educational.
Can I enchant the spear?
Let's enchant the spear.
One two three.
Double click, double click.
Okay.
Hello Krez. Welcome to the stream.
Thanks for joining the stream.
Get lunge on your spear?
I don't have any enchantments that have
lunge right now.
I'll get this level three enchantment.
Smite three knockback one.
I've never really used the spear much in
Minecraft.
So with the spear
you can charge
like this. Oops.
Charge.
I'm charging with the spear.
And when you charge
and hit somebody it does a lot of
damage.
But I'm not very good at using the spear
yet. I'm better with the sword.
But I'll try using the spear.
I've spent a lot of my XP. Now I'm only
level 22.
22.
But that's okay.
All right. I think I'm going to end this
stream here.
I made my anvil.
I enchanted my pickaxe and my spear.
So I've accomplished my goals for this
stream. I'm going to break this sign.
Move sheep. Move.
You have much more reach with a spear.
Oh, you can reach further
using the spear.
So I can hit enemies from further away.
All right.
Okay everyone. I think I'm going to end
this stream here.
Thanks for watching. Thanks for joining
this stream.
And I hope you tune in again next time.
I'll be playing more Minecraft on stream
next week. So,
be back here at the same time.
I hope to stream at the same time every
week.
So, make sure you come back again next
week to join the stream.
Thanks for joining this time, and
I will see you guys in the next live
stream. Thanks for joining.